worthy book is a malaysian coupon-book brand held by worthy media an advertising and marketing company which is currently based in kuala lumpur malaysia . worthy book was released at september 2010 by han jia and ken kho . the voucher booklet offers discounts offers and unspecified perks on dining entertainment health and beauty services and retail .
the ncwe ( national council for work experience ) is a charitable organisation that promotes supports and develops quality work experience for the benefit of students employers and the economy . the main activities of the organisation are to disseminate information and good practice to encourage and support the development of quality and standards across all forms of work experience and to encourage more employers to provide placement opportunities . the ncwe seeks to work in partnership with organisations that have an interest with work experience issues in order to add practical value to their activities .
freightquote is a privately owned online transportation broker of freight services throughout north america . their business provides comparisons of shipping rates for hundreds of national and regional freight carriers . the company combines services and carriers coordinates logistics for small and large loads such as single pallets to full shipping containers moved by combinations of truck and rail .
otsego local school district is a school district in northwest ohio . the school district serves students who live in the cities of tontogany haskins luckey grand rapids and weston ohio in wood county . the superintendent is adam koch .
tumaini university dar es salaam college ( tumadarco ) is a constituent college of tumaini university makumira in dar es salaam tanzania .
leahurst college high school is a grade 7–12 independent school located in kingston ontario canada . the school was established in 2013 and began its first year during the 2013–2014 academic year . currently offering grade 9 leahurst college will offer grades 7–10 for the 2014–2015 academic year and grades 7–12 by 2016–2017 . founded by current head of school elizabeth turcke the school took over the old ministry of health offices in the woollen mill building on cataraqui st .
ambika charan choudhury ( assamese অম্বিকা চৰণ চৌধুৰী ) ( august 16 1930 – december 4 2011 ) was a noted assamese litterateur historian and activist from bongaigaon in assam . popularly he is known as kamataratna .
federigo pedulli ( brisighella february 15 1860- after 1938 ) was an italian painter mainly of watercolor vedute of exterior and interior scenes . he began his studies at the academy of fine arts in ravenna under moradei but then moved to study at the academy of fine arts in florence . among a topic he often repeated was the interior of the choir of the church of santa maria novella in florence .
marie dionne warwick ( born december 12 1940 ) is an american singer actress and tv show host who became a united nations global ambassador for the food and agriculture organization and a united states ambassador of health . having been in a partnership with songwriters burt bacharach and hal david warwick ranks among the 40 biggest hit makers of the entire rock era ( 1955–2012 ) based on the billboard hot 100 pop singles charts .
derrick richardson ( born in denver colorado ) is an american football safety for the florida tuskers of the united football league . he was signed by the pittsburgh steelers as an undrafted free agent in 2009 . he played college football at new mexico state .
aleksandar saša pejanović ( died may 30 2011 podgorica ) was a montenegrin serb boxer that represented serbia & montenegro internationally . he was since 2006 a policeman and was a known supporter of serbian–montenegrin unionism being arrested during the riot after montenegro ' s recognition of kosovo independence in 2008 . he was brutally beaten while incarcerated leading to a trial against the alleged perpetrators within the police force this gained wide media attention .
glenn anthony tolley ( born 24 september 1983 in knighton powys wales ) is a footballer who played as a midfielder for shrewsbury town in the football league . he is the cousin of professional footballer jamie tolley . he made his debut for the shrews on 5 october 2002 in the third division 0-1 defeat to hartlepool united at gay meadow .
matthew n . wright is a former republican member of the pennsylvania house of representatives . he graduated from neshaminy maple point high school and attended classes at bucks county community college and trenton state college . prior to elective office he was a retail manager and a small business owner . the son of former state representative james l .
david butau is a member of parliament of zimbabwe representing the district of guruve north . he was chairman of the parliamentary portfolio committee on budget and finance . in late 2007 butau fled to the united kingdom to avoid arrest he subsequently denied all wrongdoing stating that he had been motivated by fear of police corruption . he later spent several months in south africa before returning to stand trial in march 2009 .
ehigie edobor uzamere is a nigerian politician who was elected to the national senate in 2007 representing the edo south constituency of edo state for the people ' s democratic party ( pdp ) .
the brabus rocket is a tune-up version of mercedes-benz cls-class vehicle .
the avro 528 was an unsuccessful large span single-engined biplane built to an admiralty contract in 1916 . it carried a crew of two only one was built .
the x class locomotives are a class of metre gauge 0-8-2t rack and pinion compound locomotives working on the nilgiri mountain railway in the nilgiri hills of southern india . they are used on the 20 km section between coonoor and kallar where the gradient of the track can be as steep as 1 in 12 . 5 . at these steep sections the railway uses the abt system . the x class locomotives are compound locomotives with two high-pressure and two low-pressure cylinders .
the paleontological museum of uppsala university also known as evolutionsmuseet is a museum in sweden containing the largest fossil collection in scandinavia . the number of items in today ' s collection is approximately 5 million unique pieces . the museum ' s collection contains three teeth of the peking man .
myōhōshō-ji ( 妙法生寺 ) is a buddhist temple located in the town of Ōtaki in chiba prefecture and is a temple of the nichiren sect . the temple was given its name in 1253 and is a reference to the opening line of the lotus sutra . myōhōshō-ji is located deep in the bōsō hill range in the center of the bōsō peninsula . the temple had fallen into nearly complete ruin by 1904 but was slowly rebuilt starting in 1931 by nichiren buddhists .
the b . e . ridyard three-decker is a historic triple decker house at 29 dewey street in worcester massachusetts . when the c . 1910 house was listed on the national register of historic places in 1990 it was noted for its queen anne styling included bands of colored shingling on the front bays and decorative wood work on the porches . since then the house has been resided and the porch details have been removed or covered over ( see photo ) .
the little whiteface river is a 4 . 4-mile-long ( 7 . 1 km ) river of minnesota and the southern of two tributaries of the whiteface river with the same name .
mount rebun ( 礼文岳 rebun-dake ) is the highest point on rebun island in rebun hokkaidō japan . the mountain consists of marine sedimentary rocks from the early cretaceous period 149–97 million years ago .
the periac river is a tributary of the suciu river in romania .
dak ( persian دك‎ ) is a village in howmeh rural district in the central district of bam county kerman province iran . at the 2006 census its population was 86 in 23 families .
vlaška is a village in the municipality of Ćuprija serbia . according to the 2002 census the village has a population of 372 people .
sefid khani ( persian سفيدخاني‎ also romanized as sefīd khānī ) is a village in dinavar rural district dinavar district sahneh county kermanshah province iran . at the 2006 census its population was 61 in 12 families .
the southern white admiral ( limenitis reducta ) is a butterfly of the nymphalidae family . it is found in northern spain south and eastern france italy the balkans and the alps . the wingspan is 22–27 mm . the butterfly flies from may to august depending on the location .
janthina umbilicata also known as the elongate janthina is a species of holoplanktonic sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family janthinidae the violet snails or purple storm snails .
del mar dennis ( foaled 1990 in kentucky ) is an american millionaire thoroughbred racehorse who raced from a base at santa anita park in arcadia california where he won three straight editions of the san bernardino handicap between 1994 and 1996 . sired by dixieland band a son of northern dancer del mar dennis was out of the mare party bonnet .
plagiobothrys parishii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name parish ' s popcornflower . it is endemic to california where it is known only from inyo mono and san bernardino counties . it can be found on mud flats and around desert springs in joshua tree woodland and scrub . it is an annual herb growing prostrate along the ground the stems reaching up to about 30 centimeters long . it is coated in short hairs .
gymnadenia crassinervis is a species of plant in the orchidaceae family . it is endemic to china .
miconia glyptophylla is a species of plant in the melastomataceae family . it is endemic to ecuador . its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
the blackest album an industrial tribute to metallica is the first in a series of tribute albums featuring various industrial and electronica bands covering songs of metallica .
crack the sky is an album recorded by mylon lefevre in 1987 and released in 1987 .
the edge of silence is the fifth album by solas released in 2002 on the shanachie records label .
isolate is an australian mystery drama horror film written and directed by indie filmmaker martyn park starring jacinta john and terry serio . the film premiered at the inaugural los angeles fear and fantasy film festival in 2012 where its lead actress jacinta john won the best actress award for her portrayal of scout taylor . it is the third feature for park working as a lonedog production and his fifth feature overall .
argo is a 2012 american political thriller film directed by ben affleck . this dramatization is adapted from u . s . central intelligence agency operative tony mendez ' s book the master of disguise and joshuah bearman ' s 2007 wired article the great escape . the latter deals with the canadian caper in which tony mendez led the rescue of six u . s .
an american girl on the home front is the third movie in the american girl film series but is the first to premiere on the disney channel . the first two movies in the series were broadcast on the wb television network but the series moved since it no longer fit in with its original network following the wb/upn merger . it premiered on november 26 2006 but was not tagged as a disney channel original movie .
coco and igor is a 2002 novel by chris greenhalgh . set mainly in paris in 1920 the fictional novel is based on a possible real-life affair between coco chanel and igor stravinsky .
the lighthouse is a novel by english novelist alison moore published on 15 august 2012 . the novel deals with a middle-aged man ' s memories of childhood abandonment as he embarks on a walking trip through germany . the book was shortlisted for the 2012 man booker prize on 11 september 2012 .
spectrochimica acta part b atomic spectroscopy is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering spectroscopy . according to the journal citation reports the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3 . 141 . currently the editors-in-chief are m . t . c . de loos-vollebregt ( delft university of technology ) and n . omenetto ( university of florida ) . the journal was established in 1939 as spectrochimica acta .
